Backup scheduling:  add retention field (#570)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/using/backup.md

            - *Start time, h/m*: The hour and minute for the backup.
                - In the first field, select one or more hours (*00* to *23*, *00* is midnight).
                - In the second field, select one or more minutes (*00* to *59*).

>         - *Retention*: Number of backups to keep. Insert 0 if there is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - *Retention*: How many backups to keep. For unlimited, use `0` (zero).
```

Reviewer: What happens when space is limited but backups are unlimited? Is there a warning?

Author: @Dasio  any thought about this?☝️

Reviewer 2: No, we don't check storage. We don't know actual backup size before it is made. So it there will be not enough space, then it will fail.

        - *Enable*: Deselect to define the scheduled backup without enabling it.

>         ![Screenshot 2021-08-04 at 11 33 23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4190654/128168942-d2d02cf7-e885-424b-8033-84499a2b98e4.png)

Reviewer: Please put the image locally (in docs/_images) so that it can be refreshed or replaced in the future.
